okay guys listen up jeans seem to be
suitable for almost any occasion
they should be slightly wider in the
thigh but always get narrower in your
ankles
as for the color go for darker shades
they're cool all year round
ripped jeans jeans with patches and
those with too much washing
can be cool for a relaxed day off and if
you already have a pair of nice classic
ones
jeans can also make you look taller
first they shouldn't be too long or
they're going to drag behind and gather
all the dust and dirt
plus if the jean legs are too long
they'll make your legs appear
shorter make sure they're always
slightly above your ankle
no need to cut them though a pin roll is
a nice way out
fold the leg to the side and make the
first roll holding the fold
adjust to the desired height and voila
the pin roll is great if you want to
show off the shoes
match the jeans with heavy boots to rock
this look
socks are important especially if the
shoes are exposed
yeah those socks with smiley burgers
look hilarious
but if you need to look really neat opt
for solid colors
the rule is simple the socks color
should suit that of the shoes
for example black shoes and white socks
are a total
your ideal t-shirt should be a bit loose
the neck matters too
it shouldn't match the shape of your
chin for example
if you've got a pointy chin and a
defined jawline
the v-neck isn't the best choice it's
going to literally
repeat the shape of your face and your
chin will appear even more pointy
hey you don't want that wicked witch of
the west look
remember v-neck looks better with a
square or round chin
while crew neck is better for a pointy
chin okay
if you're quite tall and want to balance
the proportions
try wearing different patterns for top
and bottom as for coats
these should never be waist length
ideally your coat should cover the hips
while vertical lines make people appear
taller horizontal lines do the opposite
you can choose the striped top but if
you don't have one
a belt is also a horizontal line as for
belt and other accessories
make sure their size fits you the taller
and stouter you are
the bigger the belt buckle should be
same trick can be applied to watches
hats and many other accessories
accessories can make you stand out even
if you're wearing the same
t-shirt same jeans and the same shoes as
everybody else
you may wear the simplest clothes from
the second hand store
but your accessories are your statement
choose the shoes carefully
pointy toe shoes don't really fit tall
people because they make them look even
bigger
rounded toe shoes make the feet look
smaller which
might be good for those who are trying
to balance the proportions
also thin sole shoes can help make large
feet appear
smaller thick sold shoes are cool for
those who
want to try to gain a couple of extra
inches they also may want to try special
cushions
you put this cushion under your heel and
whoopi you're an inch taller
now suits are men's best friends but it
can be pretty hard to choose the right
pair of shoes to match
try a bit less official outfits matching
your suit with smart sneakers
mixing sport and casual styles can be a
great idea
but running shoes can only match a
tracksuit
a soft relaxed shirt is a cool match too
when it comes to shopping and getting
some new garments divide the amount of
money you want to spend
in two parts half of this money would go
to basic things like
t-shirts socks and underwear these
usually don't last long
and in order to look sharp you gotta
change them pretty often
so no need to shell out a fortune for
them
coats suits jackets and belts and other
accessories
are the things you want to invest in
these will last you for ages
and will upgrade your look to a brand
new level
now for formal occasions always tuck
your shirt in the trousers
really do i need to remind you there are
no exceptions
unless you're wearing linen trousers and
a linen shirt
walking along the coast of the
mediterranean sea and enjoying the sun
in your straw hat
but it's not a formal occasion you know
yeah a shirt may kind of choke you
but don't undo too many buttons way too
open shirts are a mauve tone
whatever that is there's a formula for
formal occasions
please keep your tie on and don't
unbutton the collar
think about the shirt you're going to
wear beforehand for semi-formal
occasions
one or two open buttons are acceptable
if you're not wearing a suit
and you're somewhere like at a barbecue
you can unbutton
one more but please let's not do the
disco gold
chain on the hairy chest look i'm not
kidding
now when choosing a jacket pay attention
to several details
the accessories such as zips and studs
should be made of quality metal
poor quality metal gets oxidized which
leads to the color change
if you're planning to get a brand new
real leather jacket
check the leather it's made of grab a
wet wipe and rub the leather
it's better to do that on the seam if
the die
fades to the white it means that either
an extra coat of dye has been added
recently
or the leather is simply old don't buy
this one
also some brands save money and use poor
fabrics for lining
it shouldn't be too delicate otherwise
it'll get worn out several months later
and you'll have to have it changed be
careful with the length of casual shirts
the thing is that casual shirts are
meant to be comfy for everyday life
so they're shortened and don't have to
be tucked in dress
shirts on the contrary need to be longer
to be tucked in with no problems
now listen up we guys still cling to the
myth
that girls can be carried away only by
smelling your cologne
so in case that somehow works for you
choose the scent carefully
it should match the occasion don't apply
too much
loads of cologne is a total turn off so
i've heard
so apply a bit to the wrists to enjoy it
master two or three hairstyles that you
can really rock
you can have a flawless outfit but the
wrong hairstyle can make it just
look sad for a denim jacket opt for a
messy hairstyle
a bit of gel or matte hair clay will
hold the strands in place
sleek hair looks fabulous with a leather
jacket if you want to rock a
batty look and you don't have to mind if
your hair grows
don't be afraid to stand out some people
wear total black all the time
others wear logos some prefer preppy kid
style
all of these styles look great
separately but by mixing some of them
together
you can get the best from each style if
you struggle with the shoe laces that
get untied all the time
there's a trick for you first you go
over just as usual
then you want to make a bow instead of
going over
go underneath and pull it through you'll
get your laces right across the top of
the shoe
the laces won't get loose when you walk
they'll only get
tighter yeah we all love well iron nice
clothes
but if you're off to vacay and
apparently there's no
iron try this hat put the clothes you
want to be ironed on a hanger
hang them somewhere in the bathroom and
go take a shower
while you're in the shower the hot steam
will flatten out those wrinkles
can't be compared to an actual iron but
it's better than nothing
and again take it easy on the cologne
will you